00:00:00
 Hey there and welcome back to TubeG channel. In this video, we will build an AI personal agent app using a nej and Google anti-gravity 2.0 CLI. This app connect with a Gmail, WhatsApp, Slack, Outlook, calendar and more to generate daily briefing, important alert, messages, summaries, smart replies and email draft. This is not just a chatboard. It's a real AI agent SAS app that help user to save time and take action faster. We will also see the free clot setup in the bonus chapter. So let's start building this project step

00:00:35
 by step. Now before start implementing, let me walk through the application first. So if you see we have this beautiful landing screen and we call this application an omniscync.ai where you can sync all the application in one platform. Simply navigate to the dashboard and then you will see some of the today's brief which is generating then you will see a connected apps. Now very first thing that user need to do is to connect their different platform like Gmail, WhatsApp, Slack, Outlook calendar, Discord. Now I'm going to tell

00:01:10
 you how to uh integrate these applications so that any user can connect to their own um account. Currently I connected with a Gmail and a WhatsApp and yes you can even connect with a WhatsApp without any uh problem and all of these connection authentication is securely uh implemented. Now once you connected you will see and setting option and inside that we use an MCP tools so that you will see all the action tool available for that particular platform. Same for a WhatsApp as well. We use a WhatsApp MCP uh in

00:01:45
 order to get the recent message, a chat history, even you can send the message through the WhatsApp. Now under that for a WhatsApp you have to enter your phone number and then it will generate a code which you need to uh insert or type it inside your mobile WhatsApp app as simple as that. And then it will connect to our platform. Then on the dashboard you will see a today's brief which are the important email for you. So over here you will see all the details. Then the connected app section as well and

00:02:20
 the priority items. You can go to those option directly. But the another important feature I wanted to show you is a briefing section where you'll find and highlighted and important briefing. So over here it will gen generate a daily briefing as well and you can even click on it in order to get more detail into that. After that you will see a quick uh view of the of the today's briefing. Then under the category list for email you have 15 updates for messages for mention task automatically

00:02:55
 AI will categorize u depends on the priority as well. You also have option to create your custom briefing. You can add a briefing name. Enter your goal and description which app you want to get the briefing for. Select the category and the time and automatically with the help of trigger.dev it will create a task a chrome job and it will start generating brief briefing for that particular time. Then once you click on any of the item it will go in the detail mode where you will see all of these email. You have option to reply to that

00:03:33
 email and a AI can help us to generate the reply for you. See you can even compose the your email messages and on the click of send email it will send it to the email id. Same thing for WhatsApp messages as well. You will see all the messages which is coming. You you have also have a option to reply to those messages and you will see a different option like mention in which um email or which messages your name is get mentioned that also is categorized. So you also have the task uh based on the app connected and follow-up email as

00:04:11
 well. So everything properly um structured and set up for you using this AI agent. Now this AI agent is very powerful because with this with the help of this AI agent you can ask any question which is connected to your app. Let's say you want to summarize your email for today. So just click on it and it will automatically summarize in your real time. You will get a streaming properly formatted data. Here you will see a sender subject and the status and everything in one click. Pretty cool, right? You can even ask any question.

00:04:46
 Let's say you want to ask what is import which we will say which domain is expiring. Okay. And hit enter. Then it automatically detect which domain is expiring and then it will give you the result in a proper format. You can ask any question from any platform and it will give you the answer. Pretty cool, right? This AI agent is connected to all the application which you connected to different platform. Then the most important thing the alert section where you can create your own alert in order

00:05:21
 to get notified. Then we also have the recent alert timeline in order to uh update the status on the once you click open right it will generate the summary based on the content of that particular email or any detail. Then it will also suggest you the next action what action you need to take. You can even mark this as a resolve notes or you can even reply to those email or messages and all of the detail you will find over here. Then you also have the AI suggested alert which you can use it in order to create

00:05:57
 a new alert. On the click of create new alert you can add the details and then click submit and automatically inside the trigger. It will start u executing in the background. Now once you click use see automatically it will fill up the form for you and this is AI suggested alert as well. Okay. So this complete feature we are going to implement in this particular project. This is a complete responsive app where you can easily uh implement the theming like light theme and dark theme and everything I'm going to tell you how to

00:06:34
 implement in a step-by-step way. This complete project is structured into a small chapter so that you will understand you can follow it. We are using all the free resources to build this complete project and once you build this project you can build a lot of different type of AI automation tool like WhatsApp automation, Gmail reply automation and many others. So guys if you are new to this channel make sure you will watch this complete video and then you will learn a lot of different thing. You can watch any of my video to

00:07:06
 learn an AI fullstack app. Now to develop this application, there is one more important text stack which we are going to use called send.dm. A send.dm is a platform which will give you just a one API to send a messages through SMS, WhatsApp and RCS. And the most important thing is very easy to integrate. You just need to add few line of code and then you are good to go. With the help of send.dm, you can send an SMS uh for our app like important alerts, account briefing, a WhatsApp and phone authentication using an OTP and even AI

00:07:42
 generated update directly to the users's device using an SMS, WhatsApp or RCS. So that's why we are using ascend. I will put the link in the description to get a $5 credits uh to for this send.dm once you join with that link. If you are new to this channel then don't forget to subscribe, press notification bell icon so that you will not miss any update and press like button. Also, if you want to get access to all my exclusive courses and the source code for each project, then simply go to the tubeoogi.com join

00:08:16
 the pro membership and get access to the all the courses and the source code. You can even uh keep learning and you will find an chapters where you can track each chapter one by one. Everything is available on the tube guruji pro platform. Here you can even uh learn it with the gam gamification style so that you will get interest while learning. Also in order to track any website let me introduce this web tracking. This is a platform where you can track uh revenue based analytics directly from your website. Uh it's completely free

00:08:57
 and this platform used by many developers. Give a try. I will put the link in the description. It's free to start. So you don't need to pay upfront at all. And in order to generate an AI video aar content with your own face and own voice then try this short video cast. It's a platform which I build it for all the creators and the developers in order to create the free content. So guys without doing any further delay let's begin to develop AI personal agent. Now before start building our

00:09:36
 application it's important to understand the workflow what we are going to build how to build and what will the output. Now this complete project I divided into five different section starting from connecting your app to a different uh platform like Gmail, WhatsApp, Telegram with a secure authentication. Then we are going to uh sync and collect the data not the directly uh information but we are going to use an AI to summarize those data um generate the proper alerts generate the briefing and

00:10:10
 then that information we are going to save in encrypted form into our database. After that we are going to add some core feature like smart daily briefing priority index and AI alert follow-up tracker AI chart assistant and many other things and then user will receive some notification directly in their phone. Okay, we are going to send it to the text message as well as on WhatsApp and everything we are going to build in step-by-step way using a Google anti-gravity uh 2.0 CLI. Now make sure uh if there is a small thing that you

00:10:49
 can add it, you can do it, you can uh implement on your own instead of wasting your tokens. Okay. So first thing we need to create a project using a react neckjs. So for that one we don't need to tell an AI agent to create it because it's very simple. So basically uh simply open a folder where you want to create a project and open a terminal at that folder. After that simply type a command npx create next app latest at latest. Now at latest will install the latest version of the NEJS and then hit enter. After

00:11:29
 that you it will ask do you want to proceed? We'll say yes and then give the project name. So we'll say AI personal assistant agent. Okay. or you can just say AI personal assistant. Then uh we'll go with the recommended default setting which contain the tailwind CSS, no react compiler, no source directory along with the app router and everything. So we'll hit enter. Now if you see it will start installing some dependency like next react, react dom and some dev dependency. Now nextj is the just a

00:12:08
 react framework. Okay. So behind the scene is everything is react just the folder structure and everything is different. Also in the NexJS you can write the back end in the same app. You can uh add the API endpoint everything through the NexJS. Now if you see our application is now ready. Now simply go to the anti-gravity.google website where you need to download this Google antigravity ID. Now recently they also launched a Google anti-gravity 2.0. 0 where you will find a similar app like a codeex where you can just enter the

00:12:45
 prompt it will start generating your application but the problem with this one that you cannot edit any of the file you have to open a second app like VS code or some ID in order to edit or update on your own otherwise you have to tell everything to the AI and that's why we will go with the uh simple modern Google anti-gravity ID. Okay, which is similar like a VS Core but integrated with the Google anti-gravity 2.0 agent. Now we are also going to use a Google anti-gravity CLI. Okay, which is a

00:13:22
 command line terminal interface. Uh so through the terminal you can directly chat with the Google anti-gravity CLA 2.0 with the all the details very easy. You just need to install this, okay, using the proper command and then it will be ready. So I'm going to show you how to uh enable and start um using this one. But make sure you will use a Google anti-gravity ID. And once you open it, this is how it will look like. On the left hand side, you have option to open your project folder. And on the right

00:13:56
 hand side we have the Google anti-gravity where we will have different AI model like Gemini 3. Flash which is the one of the fastest uh AI model in order to write the code. Then we have 3.1 Pro Claude and many others. Now simply click open a folder and locate the project where you just created this uh project. So in my case it's inside this one. And then we'll say AI personal assistant app. Here we'll say yes I trust the author. If you see the UI and everything is similar to the VS code.

00:14:35
 Now we have some folders and file. Now I will not walk through each of them because uh if you want to know uh each folder and file information, you can watch any of my previous uh video which is published on my channel and watch the project setup chapter from it. then you will understand each file why it use and everything. Okay. But now let's run your application. So we'll go to the new terminal. We'll say npm rundev. So inside the terminal you can simply run this command. So it your application now

00:15:09
 running on local host 3000. You can simply open that inside your browser and then you'll see your application is now running. Now this is the default page of your application. And when you run your application very first time. So if I go to this app folder here we have a page.tsx file. Now simply I'm going to remove it and simply I will add a div and then save it. Once you add you will see a blank screen. That's completely fine. Now you already have the AI agent where you can directly chat with them. Right?

00:15:46
 But in order to enable the terminal uh or the anti-gravity CLI, just click add new terminal. Make sure to install the anti-gravity CLI first and then type agy. So in this case, if you see it's not installed, right? So in order to install it, I will just go ahead to this CLI and then click install. Make sure uh you'll copy the correct command. In my case, I am using Mac OS. So, I'll copy that. And then we'll paste it here. And if you see it start installing. Once it is installed, you can just run

00:16:23
 command AGY. So, we'll type AGY. And then your Google anti-gravity is now started. Very first time it will ask you uh you have to select the color schema. So, you have different different option like dark or terminal one, light one. I will I will go with the dark. Okay. Mostly I use this one. So we'll go with the dark and then hit so make sure to select done and hit enter and then you you are ready to start uh using the Google anti-gravity. Okay, that's how easy it is. Now let's start a simple uh

00:16:59
 command and we'll see whether it's working or not. So basically here we're going to add a command. Let's say uh create I am building here. We say I am building a AI personal assistant where user can connect to their um Gmail, WhatsApp. Here we say Gmail, WhatsApp, Telegram, Outlook account and AI agent will help to generate proper summary reminders etc. for this app. Generate landing screen. Here we will say professional UI UX header hero section proper features list maybe in bento grid style

00:18:26
 and u you can say add proper uh footer as well. Okay. So I think that's all. You don't need to mention a lot of things because we are just testing uh the Google's anti-gravity CLI. And then hit enter. Once you hit enter, it will automatically start looking it. Now you might have a question why we are not using the ID's U integrated uh agent instead of this CLI. Right now the reason is uh for a small change right if you have bug bug fixing small update single page editing or adding a

00:19:09
 any data then definitely use CLI otherwise you can use the integrated uh agent okay the reason is if you use this agent or integrated agent right it fetches all the project information and use a lot of tokens but with the CL CLI it only jump to the specific file and make the edits. So it will it use a less tokens. So that's why many times it's always better to use a CLI. Okay. Now we have another question. Do you want to proceed with this changes? Okay. So we'll say yes to this one or you can

00:19:49
 also add yes always allow in the conversation for command or you can also add this third option which will update inside the settings do.json. And right now if you see we once we hit enter now it will start uh generating the code for the landing screen. Now we'll just wait and then once it finished then we'll see the final result and once it finish you will see the result. So over here if you see it's calling it as Omnisync.ai AI nice name and then we have this beautiful header the hero section uh the different bento

00:20:26
 style grid okay after that we also have the quick example how it actually works right so here we'll see WhatsApp telegram outlook different different options then onboarding section the pricing section FAQ and then we have this beautiful footer as well pretty cool right and this beautiful landing screen is generated within few seconds and that's how the CLA works. Now it is very important going forward you have to make sure that your component or complete page is divided into a small components. Right now if you go to this

00:21:03
 page.tsx or tsx by default any AI agent will write everything in one file and that's what this CLI or Gemini also did the same thing over here it added everything in one file even the footer header hero section and because of this one when we want to change anything and we inform to the AI agent it read complete file and edit complete file okay and that's burn a lot of AI tokens and to avoid it going forward. We have to tell AI agent to uh create a separate component file. Okay. So guys, I hope

00:21:43
 you understand uh how we created the project, how we use a Google's anti-ravity CLI to generate the landing screen. Now there are lot of different functionality we are going to add and once you learn how to add those functionality, you can build any kind of application. Okay, but you need to know how to integrate easily, how to uh tell an AI agent, how to prompt it everything. Okay, I'm also going to share all the prompts which we are going to use in this particular project so that you can easily uh copy that

00:22:17
 whenever you want and you can create your own app. Now before writing any of the code uh we'll make sure we'll add some AI agent instruction so that going forward it will follow those instruction in order to avoid a tokens and lot of other things. Okay. So I already added this instruction inside the eraser doc. I will put the link of this documentation inside the description of this video. Make sure to check it out. Also you will get the direct link on your uh DM if you follow on Instagram channel and just

00:22:53
 type uh uh in the comment as eraser doc okay I will send it to you so copy this as it is then we'll go back and to that ID now inside this agent MD file this is a markdown file we already have some instruction added right because this is added by our AI agent for the ins forge but in order to add our own what we can do we can go to the um anti-gravity CLI here we'll type / new so it will start a new conversation paste this complete code and then we'll write add this agents instruction

00:23:34
 into the agents dot dot MD file along with existing string one and then hit enter. So what it will do it will just go to the that particular file and then it will add those instruction. Sometimes if you go with the integrated uh ID it will scan all the files and it will lose your lot of tokens. So if you see it just read that particular file and then it adding it now. Now it's saying I appended the requested development uh styling nextj database UI everything. So if I go to this agents.m MD file you will see this

00:24:19
 complete instruction. Okay. So it will be very helpful for our AI agent. Now after this uh we need to add an authentication so that user can sign in to our app and then it will navigate to the dashboard page. Now once user sign in we have to make sure the user information gets saved so that we can use it later on and for that one we are going to use an ins. Infos is an all-in-one back-end uh tool platform where you can use a different products at one place like authentication, database, storage, age function, the

00:25:03
 real time um collaboration feature as well as an AI coding agent directly into your app. So you don't need to uh use a different services, add a different API in order to use it with the help of inforce. you can easily add it and it's very easy to integrate as well. They also have the uh MCP where you can directly connect to with your favorite ID. Okay, so let's try this out. Simply click the link in the description in order to get a free access to this insourge. Then navigate to the

00:25:36
 dashboard. Once you create the project, you will jump onto this uh dashboard page. Now here you have option to install with the CLA command. But you also have option to install directly inside the agent. So right now we are using anti-gravity. So we'll click install. Either you can use a CLI. You can simply copy this prompt or you can use an MCP uh for this one. So uh in order to use this MCP, right? We'll copy this prompt as it is. Then we'll go to this anti-gravity and inside that we're

00:26:09
 going to paste it. Basically here it will paste the command the API key base URL and everything. Then simply send it and then we'll make sure that enforce is set up and then we are going to inform an AI agent to implement the authentication. So it's setting setting up the MCB configuration. So we'll allow this and we'll submit it. Now if you see it's saying I successfully installed the insource MCP server also it configured inside the MCP config JSON file and it's ready to use okay perfect now I will

00:26:48
 start with the new conversation and then here we going to simply enter the prompt so simply copy this prompt in this prompt I'm just informing that you need to implement the authentication and add sign in and sign up page and they send save user information to a database. So once you copy, we'll go to this ID, we'll paste it here and then we'll remove this string and then hit enter. Okay. Now uh you can use a CLA as well but this is completely a new page or feature. So that's why I'm directly

00:27:21
 using the integrated uh AI agent. Now in this case it's saying allow using MCP tool. So we'll allow it and then click submit. Now many times it will ask you for the permission and to avoid this you can simply go to the setting open and gravity ID user setting and inside that you'll find under the permission uh for the terminal command here we will say always proceed. So every time it will proceed okay so next time when you create a new session uh it will automatically proceed with the all the

00:27:56
 uh command. So here we'll submit it for now because right now we have to select it and now it start implementing uh as per our request. Now first it will create the implementation plan and then it will uh ask for the implementation. Now if you see it give us an proper implementation plan. You can uh just go through it. It's very important to review uh user uh review required section. So it's saying email verification bypass with the SMTP then it will uh update that particular email verification as a false for now. Then we

00:28:38
 also have the note. Okay. Then these are some proper changes because it's going to create a new table inside our database and the table name is users. Uh so this is all about okay so we have all these implementation plans. Once we are happy with it, simply click proceed and then it will start implementing uh this authentication feature along with sign in and signup page. Now I will pause the video and we'll come back and we'll see the final result how it looks. >> A few moments later

00:29:11
 and if you see within a less than 30 to 40 second uh this Gemini 3oint flash already implemented our um implementation. Okay. So these are some file changes. So let's test this out quickly. So right now if I refresh it. Click on sign in. And we have this beautiful sign in page. Uh let's sign in with the Google. Okay. So we'll sign in with the Google. Here we have option to select the Gmail account. And then once you sign in, you will see the username and the email which you sign in. And

00:29:43
 obviously you can sign out anytime. Pretty cool, right? Now we'll verify. So we'll go to this inforce and you will see now we have one user one database is set up. If I go to this authentication you will see the user which I sign in with and under the database you will see a user table and then we also have the user information saved as we requested. Under the authentication uh in au method authentication method you will see some authentication. Here you have option to add more authentication option. Then you

00:30:14
 have custom SMTP as well. And later on if you need we also going to add a storage or we are going to set up storage section as well that also you want to learn it. If you want to write any SQL query you also have the SQL editor to write it in order to run any background function without any server. You can even write that as well directly inside the inforge. But for now our authentication is ready. Okay we are successfully authenticate. If you want to sign out, you can simply sign out and then you will see an option.

00:30:50
 Now in this chapter, we are going to add an authentication to our app using sent.dm. Instead of only using a traditional email login, we'll make the oathflow more modern by adding a phone number authentication and WhatsApp based authentication. So user can enter their phone number, receive an OTP through SMS or WhatsApp and verify the code and securely log to the application. The best part is send DM give us one unified messaging API for SMS, WhatsApp and RCS. So we don't need to manage multiple

00:31:24
 providers separately. It also help with the routing, delivery and production messaging setup. In this chapter, we'll also connect senddm, configure our API uh keys and create an OTP flow, send the verification code to the user, verify the code on the back end, and then create a proper authentication session inside our app. By the end of this chapter, our app will support a real world phone and WhatsApp login system which is helpful for SAS app, AI agent, CRM tools and on onboarding flow and

00:31:58
 customer dashboard. So I will put the link in the description in order to get a free $5 credit uh for the send.dm. Now let me show you the complete workflow how it going to work. So um we are adding this phone number and WhatsApp to be authentication along with the email and email password authentication as well. So for that one we are using an ins uh inforce also help us to give us a backend database for our application so that we can securely store all the information to our database once user

00:32:32
 sign up with the send.dm then uh the reason that we are using senddm because only with the help of only one API for SMS and WhatsApp along with the RCS you can easily integrate this OTPbased authentication but that's the not limit send.dm DM also use it for a lot of different messaging system like transaction notification and many others. So um you can just get approved template. There are bunch of approved template available uh in under the send.dm platform and once you have that one you can simply

00:33:08
 uh send and message and or WhatsApp messages on user's phone number. Okay. Along with that one uh the reason that we are using insult to store a signup user data save the phone number and manage authenticate user. Okay. So obviously for our application we need a database to manage and to save all the information and this is the authentication flow. So once user enter the phone number user can select an SMS or WhatsApp authentication. Then send DM will send an OTP and once user receive the OTP user will enter the OTP number

00:33:43
 inside our um OTP section. Then backend means send.dm will verify it and then we will create a new user profile which we going to save to our database and then authentication will uh be completed. Now these are these are some main features which I already defined and what we are going to save in the database. So that also defined because we want to save a user ID along with the phone number and all other parameter and there are lot of different use cases you'll find inside this note. Now once you sign into the

00:34:16
 senddm platform you have to finish the onboarding process. Uh it's completely optional because uh if you did not finish onboarding process there are some of the uh feature might need the on complete onboarding also. uh but still you can use um the some of the existing template. For example, for the authentication purpose, we have this send verify code authentication template which is approved which you can use it. Now in order to generate the API key simply go to the API key and here uh you

00:34:48
 have option to add a new API key. Now I already have one API key created so I'm going to use that one. But if you want to create a new one, you can simply add a new also later on you need the template ID. So whenever you create any new template from the scratch or you can import the existing meta templates, you can directly use it. So this sendd also connected to the your meta business account uh so that you can import different template for WhatsApp and SMS and use it. Now over here if you see we

00:35:22
 have the template ID, the template name and inside the variable you can pass any value or any OTP number. Okay. Now on the right hand side you will see the preview how it actually look. You also have playground where you can test this out by selecting the template then enter the phone number and then send the message so that you will understand how it actually works. Okay. And you can even get the new number with the sendd DM. So while doing uh while finishing the onboarding you'll get an option um

00:35:55
 to add a new number. Okay. Now u I will just go to the documentation. So I will put the documentation link in the description. Send.dm also provide you a SDK for the TypeScript/ NodeJS. So you can use that one. But for a Python and Go Java, there are other SDK also available. It's very easy. This is the mpm package which you need to um install. So I will copy that mpm package and I will go to this anti-gravity IDE inside the terminal. Let me close this and let's add it here. So it will install the send.dm

00:36:39
 and then you can initialize the client by passing the API key and simply pass the template ID and you are good to go. That's how easy it is. Okay. So now in order to tell to this AI I will copy this markdown as it is. After that from the eraser doc I have the ready to paste prompt and inside the prompt whatever we just explained uh related to the sendd uh you can simply uh that is what I added inside the prompt. So simply copy it and also it will make sure it will save u the signin user inside the

00:37:17
 database as well. So I will copy that and then I will paste it inside the ID. But don't uh make sure that you will also use this documentation markdown. So I will copy this markdown as it is and then paste it there. Or instead of passing all of this right, you can even you can simply copy the important information. So let's say quick started guide and simply pass this example. Okay. And I will also add this template ID. So copy this template ID and here we'll say template ID is. Then if you want you can pass this

00:38:02
 variable. Uh right now you can pass whatever the variable name you want to add and then simply send this. So AI will automatically start implementing this particular uh feature for us using send.dm. So we'll wait and once it is implemented if you see only thing that we need to add inside the env is to uh send DM API key and the template ID. So inside the env if you see we have this API key. The template ID is already added but you have to copy and paste it the API key uh inside the env. And once you pasteed I

00:38:42
 will accept all of this change and let's test this out. So I will go to our app and then click sign in. And here you will see now you have option called phone OTP. Here you can enter the phone number. Obviously uh we have to include the country code. Okay. So that uh it will work throughout the world in any country and then select the verification method. So I will enter the phone number and click uh let's use WhatsApp. Okay. And we'll say send OTP via WhatsApp. So right now if you see we got an error

00:39:19
 and uh obviously this is error we get we are getting when we are sending the uh OTP but let's try with the SMS as well and we are getting the same issue. So what you have to do in this case you have to simply copy this error and inside the ID paste it here. So automatically uh AI will understand and fix this issue for you. So we'll wait for this quick fix. Also one more important thing uh we need to make sure for this variable the name of the variable type and example right. So make sure this name will be the same. So you

00:39:54
 can even pass this name for the variable for your template inside uh the AI agent. Right? So I just fixed that issue and I will make made sure that we are passing the parameter with a variable name. Okay. And then save it. So let's test this out. So we'll go back to our app and then enter the phone number and send that OTP. Now the OTP is sent. So over here I will wait for on my phone to receive this OTP number. So here is the OTP which I entered and then we say verify and sign in and then

00:40:35
 I get verify and if you see I also have the user ID created into the database and now I can go to the dashboard. So that's how easily we have to authenticate and under the inforce database right we also have the email name author URL created at updated at as well as the phone number also get saved. So later on the phone number also use along with the email if user has the email uh in order to save all the records. So that's how easily we save uh or set up the OTP authentication. If you any question any doubt related to this

00:41:13
 let me know in the comment section and don't forget to uh sign up durain.dm in order to get a free gy. So make sure to click the link in the description. This platform is very helpful in your agentic AI workflow in order to verify the user and not only verification but it provide a lot of different uh feature like a transaction uh SMS or WhatsApp SMS or customer care notification. uh you can use it in your e-commerce, SAS, fintech, healthcare and many other uh application and the document is so rich so you don't

00:41:50
 need to worry about anything and you can easily uh use this send.dm with an your favorite ID so that it will be easily integrated. Now once user sign in we want to navigate user to a dashboard page so that we can implement all of this feature. So we'll go back to the IDE. So here we'll create a new conversation first and u you can add the prompt but let's copy this existing prompt which I added inside the eraser doc and paste it. So here we are just telling that we want to create a dashboard page with a

00:42:28
 sidebar with an what are the different option we want on the sidebar and how the structure we want. Also, we are going to use a huge icon as a icon library. So, we're going to use a use icon library. So, here we say you uh use use icon library for icons inside the app. I think that's pretty much. So, let's send this. Now, obviously, it will automatically detect our agent.m MD file and accordingly it will start implementing it. Obviously, it will give you the implementation plan first. Let's walk

00:43:02
 through that implementation plan and then once we are happy with it we can start implementing it. Once we have the implementation plan you can just review this. So right now it's saying we are using a lucid react as a icon library. So instead of lucid react you lucid react is also good icon library but it don't provide a social networking u icons. So instead of that we going to use a use icons I will say also use icon library first use use icon if it's not there then use icons from lucid

00:43:45
 react and then add this comment other than that I think everything look good because it going to add a new route called / dashboard and then you're going to add a dashboard page with a sidebar. Here we can just add a small comment. Don't add any placeholder for any uh pages or routes. Just slash dashboard. Just add a sidebar for now. use dashboard layout and then add this command. I think everything's look good. So let's proceed with this change and then uh we'll pause the video and we'll wait and come back

00:44:37
 and then we'll test uh all the implementation. Now once it is implemented you will see all the changes u made by the AI agent inside our project. Now we'll go back and let's go to the dashboard. And here we have this beautiful dashboard. On the left side you will see an sidebar uh with a different option. So as we suggested it's showing a proper solid red color. So that's look pretty nice. And on the right hand side some placeholder. Currently this is just a dummy data. So each page is ready. So

00:45:11
 over here if you see we have the different tab uh alert integration briefing and many others. Okay. So, next thing uh obviously we want to change this dark mode to the light mode or we can add a switch so that you can easily switch between light and dark mode. Okay. Then you can even collapse this and once you collapse you will see this uh it only show icon only sidebar as well. Now in order to make this small change regarding the theme what we'll do let's close all of this tab and we'll

00:45:43
 open the terminal and inside that we'll use a anti-gravity CLI. So let's start with a new conversation first. Let me close this one as well. And here we simply going to add inside dashboard header section add an option to switch between light mode and dark mode. So implement light and dark theme for all pages including sidebar as simple as that right we are not doing any different uh prompting simple and clean prompting okay it's a not any rocket science not to know okay whatever you think just enter that in a proper

00:46:36
 way and then hit enter now it will start looking for those particular file. Okay. Now, obviously this CLA has to made a lot of changes in different different file. So, it just doing that. So, let's wait and once it make these changes so we can check it out. So, right now if you see it changed to light mode and here we have this beautiful switch where it will switch between light mode and dark mode. Don't worry about the uh any placeholder. This is just a dummy data. Okay? We are going to update everything

00:47:10
 but right now uh just most important thing that we have the sidebar with for with the dashboard layout and an option to switch between light mode and the dark mode. Now let's implement the integration page because once you connect your application then only you will get some data. So let me walk through why we need this integration page and how our agentic flow is. So basically the integration page contain all the different platform like Gmail, WhatsApp, Slack, Outlook, Discord, any platform

00:47:47
 you can simply connect it and obviously you will learn how can we add the different platform and once you learn uh to add the different platform you can add any number of platform. Okay. So this integration place allow you to connect all the platform at one place and you will see the available integration and even you can manage and connecting and disconnecting or setting option from this integration page. Now let's understand the agentic workflow. When user come to the integration page, user can connect to their platform with

00:48:20
 a uh secure authentication. Then we are going to connect that with the MCP server and MCP tools which will return a platform specific action. Okay. Then we'll pass that to the AI agent to generate the proper inside summary and automation. Now when we call the MCP action, it means when you connect your Gmail account then inside this MCP tool you you'll get an option to read a email or search inbox, send an email or even get a label. Same thing if you are connecting to WhatsApp then you can read

00:48:54
 the chat or send a message and many other things and every platform has different MCP actions. Now once you build this particular flow you can do any kind of automation like WhatsApp automation, Gmail automation, telegram, outlook. Okay. So that's why this project is quite interesting once you build this complete project so that you can explore a lot of different app idea out of it. Now what AI can do with this one? Basically AI will summarize your unread emails or collect important updates from a slack or discord. Then it

00:49:31
 will also find a meeting from the outlook and combine data from a multiple platform. Then it answer user question based on a connected tools and create a alert inside and daily briefing. Now the question is why MCP? Now now you might have question what is MCP? So MCP is a model context protocol. Okay, which basically help us to connect your uh application with the third party application like Gmail, WhatsApp to get and uh to interact with those app. Okay. So it's a standard way for AI to use

00:50:05
 these tools. It's easy to add in a new platform and very secure and structure access. It help AI agent uh to gather information summarize it for you. Okay. So that's why we are using MCP. Now in short the integration page help us to user connect MCP give an access to that this platform and then we'll uh fetch the information and summarize data according to our requirements. Now this complete notes you will find inside this eraser doc. Now I already created a beautiful prompt for us. Okay in order

00:50:38
 to implement this. Now we'll start with the Gmail uh platform only and then we'll integrate uh WhatsApp Slack one by one. Okay. But let's copy this prompt because this prompt basically design our integration page. we'll add these all the options and then it will also connect to the Gmail platform and from there we're going to uh fix if there is any issue or something okay so we'll copy this prompt as it is then we'll go back to our antigra ID as this is a new feature so definitely I will use um the

00:51:13
 interface agent so we'll create a new conversation and simply paste it here and after that just send Once you send that to the AI agent, AI agent will understand your requirements and then it will generate the implementation plan. So we'll wait and if you see our implementation plan is ready. Now there is some uh user review required section. So it basically updating our database. Okay, some with preservation thing. Now over here if you see it's saying that we can it's saving the uh

00:51:49
 connection status locally. But instead of that u we'll simply use use inforge database to update the status. Don't use any local storage in this. So let's add that comment. Now it we uh in order to use a Gmail MCP server connectivity obviously we need to generate a Gmail credential and that's quite easy and most important is free. So you don't need to worry I will tell you how to do it because we are not using any third party service to add this connection. Okay, we will use our

00:52:29
 own uh connection for each of the platform. Then there are some proposed changes and I think it adding all the important feature which we needed. So you don't need to worry about that. So let's proceed with these changes. So I will proceed with these changes. Obviously as per our uh review comment right, it will update the uh implementation plan and then it will start implementing. So we'll wait and then we'll come back and we'll test this complete feature. Now once it is done,

00:53:02
 if you see we have the walkthrough guide and it also mention what are the changes they made. Okay. Now you can even uh follow their verification result how to verify and everything but let's go ahead and check it out. Now if you see inside this integration section we have all of this app listed out in a grid format then let me disconnect this because uh if you want to connect to the any platform right if you see it's simply showing it as a connected because this is just a dummy data right it's just

00:53:34
 connecting just to show how it looks. Now once you connect to the platform you will see an option called setting. Click on it and it will open a dialogue in which you will see uh the inbox content. Okay. So on the right side you will see the email and all all of the thing the available MCP tool. So what are the different MCP tool is available for this one and the MCP connection guide. Now obviously this is just a demi data but most important thing the UI part is ready. Now the question is uh how can we

00:54:07
 connect with the actual one? So in this case we'll go back and over here we'll just say let's connect Gmail with a real data. Okay. So use real uh Gmail connection option for user so that they can connect to their Gmail account then use MCP tools also the most important thing I don't really want this um interactive inbox console and then we just want to show the available able MCP tool. So here we'll say also in setting dialogue of any platform don't just just show here we say just

00:55:03
 show just show um MCP or let me check what is the return MCP available MCP tools just show available MCP tools and remove all other information. Make sure to use light and dark mode properly. Okay, I think that's all we need it for now and let's send this out. Now, with these changes, it will automatically update this dialogue as well as it will connect to the actual Gmail account. Now in order to connect to your Gmail account, we need to add a client key and key from the Google cloud that I will tell you how to add it. It's

00:55:54
 very easy and free. But for now, let's wait for this implementation. Okay? Because if you see now it generated a new implementation plan with a new result. So over here it will real it will connect to a real real Gmail account and then now here is the one problem because this AI agent considering that okay you are the only user is using this app but this is not the case because we want a multi-tenant application where user any user can connect to this uh Gmail account. So basically we can add a

00:56:27
 comment here. We'll say uh don't add an input field to add this value. Make sure this is multi- user app where multiple user can connect to their Gmail account. Okay. Also we'll say uh add client and Gmail secret key inside env. And I think then let's add that comment. Okay. And then we have the bracket processing and everything I think look good to me. So let's proceed with this u new updated changes and then we'll wait for this complete implementation. And now if you if you see we have this

00:57:20
 updated uh uh implementation plan where inside the env store the client ID and the client secret key and then uh once user connect it automatically go to the authentication part then user will connect and then we have the proper redirect URL in order to come back to our application with the proper data. Now here we'll say allow write access to env. So we'll say yes and always allow and I think uh we'll wait for this complete implementation. Now now once it is implemented you can simply uh test this out but it is very

00:57:58
 important to add the Google client ID and the client secret key inside your env file. So over here if you see we have this env file. If it's not there, make sure to add it. And then simply you will see the Google client ID and the client secret key. If it's not there, make sure to add it. Then we have to add these two value. In order to add it, simply go to your browser and search for Google Cloud. And over here, I will go to Google Cloud as well. Then we'll go to the console. And inside the console we have to search

00:58:36
 Gmail or let's say Gmail for now or you can say Gmail MCP API or Gmail API as well and if it's not enabled you can enable this u sometimes you really don't need to enable it's totally um fine okay because with the client secret key and client um key client ID you can easily access it. Now the most important thing you need to do you have to go to this O consent screen. Okay. So this particular option you will find under the API and services. Then inside the API services you'll find an option called O consent

00:59:19
 screen and then inside this in my case is already set up but in your case if it's not set up make sure to set up for the web. Okay. Over here uh you have branding, audience, the client. Okay, right now our app is in testing mode but once you have your app ready then you can change this to a publish mode. Then under the audience you can add a user in order to test it with okay you have 100 user cap but once you publish the app then any user can test this out. Then you also have the clients data access

00:59:52
 and lot of other things. Now once this is set up let's go back to this API and services platform and then you need to create the credential inside that under the create credential click on a client ID and then select the application type so we'll say web application give the application name and then authorize JavaScript origin redirect URI that you have to provide Okay. Now I already have one created which is called um YouTube or not YouTube access. So inside this let's create a new one. Okay. So let's

01:00:36
 create a client ID and here we'll say web application. I will give the application name as AI personal agent. Then I will go back to our IDE inside the walk through the new one. So if I go back here, you need to add a call back URL. If you don't see the call back URL over here, you can ask to the AI agent what is and you can simply copy this authorize JavaScript. Oh, so authorized JavaScript origin will be your local host. So maybe you can simply add this local or 3000. But in order to add authorize redirect

01:01:26
 URI you can simply go back and over here will say what is authorize redirect URL for Gmail. Okay. And then simply add it. So it basically return what will be the URL we need to add. So if you see that is O Gmail call back because inside the O under the call back you will see the page.tsx. Okay. So we'll copy that as it is and then I'll paste it here and after that let's create. Now this JavaScript origin important so that uh other user will not access your application and then simply click create. Once you

01:02:01
 create it you will get a client ID and the client secret key. Simply copy that. So we have client ID and then we also have the client secret key which I will paste it here and then save it. Okay. Now once this is done, let's test this out because this is the main important thing you need to add which is the client ID and the client secret key and then uh you already know how to add that. Now once you copy the client secret key then uh it will not show you again. Okay, you it will show you maybe

01:02:36
 uh today maybe or next uh 24 hours but after that if you miss the client key you have to generate it again. Okay, now let's go back to the ID and let's take this out inside our browser. So I will say connect integration and boom, if you see this redirect you to the Gmail account to select. So I will select one of the account which is in the testing mode. So right now it's saying Google has not verified this app because this is this app is in test mode which I show you and that's why you will see this

01:03:05
 screen. But you will see just continue because we are developing this application and then it will saying that when you allow this access this project will able to read compose and send email to your Gmail account. Okay. Obviously u user is authorizing it. So you don't need to worry about that and then click continue. And over here if you see it's saying it's connected successfully. Right now it's showing it as a connected as well. But we have one error. It's saying Google exchange fail. So let's

01:03:36
 copy this error. Okay. But if I go to the setting, you will see all the MCP tools available for this Gmail like Gmail list message which will fetch the inbox email or get message to get the specific email search the message or even you can write and send the message or mean send the email and get thread as well. Perfect. But you will you saw this error right? So I will go to this anti-gravity ID and most important thing what you have to do you can go to the terminal and inside the terminal you will see this error. So

01:04:12
 let's copy this error as it is then you can use the Google anti-gravity CLI. So we'll create a new conversation and then we'll paste it. So which will help us to avoid uh uh the token right token um usage. So let's enter this and then wait for this quick fix. And once it is implemented is quite quick and if you see it just uses less than 5k tokens. Okay. And if I go over here let's disconnect and connect it again. So we say connect integration select the account and then click

01:04:50
 continue. Now in this case it will say that you already have some access. So we'll continue with this and then boom if you see in this case we don't have any error. And if I go to the setting you will see all the available MCP tools. That's how easily you have to connect your Gmail account. That's all right now. Obviously with the help of MCP tools you can connect or get the all the information which you need from the user's Gmail. Now obviously you might have question how secure is it and

01:05:23
 everything right now this particular connection is only uh user can see it or only user can access it even I am the developer I cannot access those things okay because it's completely secure on the user end because user authenticate on their end and that's how we save it now next uh once we have the Gmail integration then we learn how can U either we can go with the how to connect with the WhatsApp or we can use MCP tool action in order to get the data summarize it and show it on the screen.

01:06:02
 Now let's implement the most interesting app integration which is a WhatsApp where you can directly connect your WhatsApp account without any uh problem or without any u security issue. Now once you implement this WhatsApp connection flow you can even implement the WhatsApp automation and if you really want to build an app using a WhatsApp automation then let me know in the comment section. Now very first thing obviously we already have the WhatsApp uh app integration option and on the click of connect WhatsApp the

01:06:38
 idea is once user click on connect user have to enter the phone number along with the uh country code and then we are going to use a bailey's library to start a WhatsApp web session which will generate a unique linking code okay that code you have to add inside your WhatsApp app. So you have to open a WhatsApp app. Under the link device the same way we where you you are using a QR code to scan under that you also have option to enter the code and once you enter the code you'll get connected and

01:07:13
 then the MCP tools will be available for AI action. Now under that tool you can read uh the WhatsApp charts, you can summarize it, search it and even you can send the WhatsApp message. Pretty cool, right? Now the some of the MCP tool for WhatsApp is read a chart, send a message, search a chart, search group or get a contact and many others. And the question is why bail is because it's connect through a WhatsApp web protocol if helpful for a session management is good for sending and reading a message

01:07:45
 data and useful for a backend WhatsApp automation. Right? So uh what we can do with this one is similar to what we are doing for the Gmail as well or for any other app and you have the complete overall idea about this um WhatsApp tool. Okay. So in this in this note you will find and all the details which you required in order to understand the complete flow. Now in the same way whatever the flow I mentioned the same thing I mentioned inside the prompt. Okay, that we want to connect WhatsApp and then how we want to proceed that we

01:08:19
 want to enter the uh phone number and all of the detail. So everything is mentioned inside this uh prompt. Okay, we also have the dialogue where user can enter the phone number, generate the device, the code and everything. So let's copy this prompt as it is. Go to your to your ID as this is a new feature. So I will start with a new conversation and then simply paste it here and then hit enter. Now you have to wait for the implementation plan. We we'll walk through that implementation plan

01:08:52
 and then we'll start implementing it. Now here we have the implementation plan ready. So the important thing is uh the WhatsApp integration requires and installing this particular library. Okay. And the connection state will be stored locally. So that's completely fine because uh it's totally up to you how you want to uh store it. Okay. So over here we can also add uh make sure to uh use best option storing in database also an option but use whichever is best is best and secure. So we'll add that. Then we have some

01:09:40
 proper changes. And I think that's pretty all okay. Also inside the WhatsApp MCP right we have a lot of different uh tools which we can use it to fetch the messages, send a message and lot of other thing and then we have also an option to integrate the WhatsApp pairing code dialog model. Okay. So let's proceed with this implementation plan. Now for our comment it might give you the updated implementation plan but then it will start implementing. Okay. Okay. So we'll wait for the implementation and then we'll once the

01:10:10
 it's implemented we'll walk through the complete uh result. Now once it is implemented it's time to test this out. So I will accept all of these changes and then we'll go back over here. Let's click on connect integration. And we have this beautiful dialogue where you will find an option to enter the phone number. You also have an option to connect the simulated mode. If I click on this connect simulator mode just for the testing purpose right you will see this option and on the

01:10:39
 click of setting then you will see all the MCP tool available. Perfect. Now let's test with the actual mode. So I will click on connect integration. So let's add a phone number. So I will enter the phone number and then click generate linking code. Now it will generate unique code. Okay. As soon as the code is generated, you will also get a notification to add this code. Okay. So, I will just add adding this code inside my uh WhatsApp application and I just enter it. So, let's wait.

01:11:14
 Now, once it is connected, it's coming back to this screen again. But inside the console, you will see that it is connected. So, WhatsApp connected for this particular user. Okay. So it means it's connected. Now I will close this. Uh let me refresh it. Maybe you will see the button connected. And if you see now it giving an option to disconnect or setting. Right now under the setting you will see the MCP tool and it's connected with a real WhatsApp app or WhatsApp user. Okay. So currently it's connected

01:11:47
 to my WhatsApp. Now, right now there are couple of things we need to fix it because when it's connected, we have to make sure it show it will jump onto this one and might be uh it's better to show a notification. So inside this we can say after connecting WhatsApp make sure to close dialogue and show toast notification saying WhatsApp connected. Okay. Uh here we can say reach color and top center notification. Maybe we can add wherever you want and what kind of notification type or color

01:12:32
 you want. So that's how what we want. So let's enter it. So basically it will just update the uh specific code. So it will not build or not go to any other checking and it will save our lot of tokens. And once it is implemented then from next time whenever you connect to WhatsApp it will redirect you to this page along with the notification and it will show this disconnect or setting button. Okay. Now the next thing what you have to do you can see same way we connected the Gmail WhatsApp you have to

01:13:03
 connect Slack outlook calendar discord or whichever platform you want just tell to the AI you can use the prompt which I already entered right uh you can tell an AI or ask AI how to implement and everything and it will give you the proper answer but don't worry because later on in this video I'm also going to show you how to connect the Slack discord or any other platform Okay. But for now, if you want to connect in this chapter or in this particular section, make sure you can connect on your own as

01:13:34
 well because later on uh as we have the Gmail and WhatsApp connected, we are going to implement a dashboard to show a proper brief. We'll show the connected app, the priority items, all of these detail using these two connected apps. Now, let's implement the dashboard. We'll start with a small thing because we already connected our application with the Gmail and WhatsApp and based on these two app data we are going to generate a small brief okay as well as the popular topics or follow-up topics

01:14:12
 we can say. So basically on the dashboard we are going to show some status that how many important um email you have or messages you have what is the priority the followup and after that we are also going to add a today's brief. Okay. So with the help of AI and the content or the data which we have from this connected app, we are going to pass to the AI and then AI will generate the uh today's brief. Okay. And then we are also going to add some uh priority items the connected app on the

01:14:44
 dashboard. So it's kind of quick access to some of the application feature. So basically uh I already noted down the points like see the key status at glance count come from the connected app and AI help organize what matter most. So this is the dashboard flow. So use uh one user connected to the application right the application will send a useful data uh through the MCP tools and then from that MCP tools we'll get some information with the help of AI we're going to summarize that and prioritize

01:15:17
 the items and then we're going to show it inside the dashboard uh page and uh these are some of the thing that today's grip what are the things that we are going to show let's say we have three urgent email need to reply two slack messages messages we have um um marriage to attend. So everything kind of u example will come under the today's brief. We also have priority item that we have to reply, we have to follow up on WhatsApp, we have to um send some information to someone. So that will

01:15:47
 come under the priority items and this is how uh it will show. Now for the AI we are going to use a Gemini AI because Gemini provide a free uh API as well for the AI model but you also use any other API which you think free. The most interesting one uh if you want to try is open router. Now, open router also have a free and the paid one where uh you'll find all of the most of the AI models on on their their platform like chart GPT or Gemini D uh seek or there are lot of other the also recently launched and if

01:16:29
 you see these are some free one okay we also quen Microsoft one miniax one entropy cloud XI there are lot of others which you can use it but So whichever you want free, you can go to this pricing and set this to a free. So let me move this to free one and then you'll get all of the free one. Okay, it also have a Google's model as well. So if I search Google, you will see the gamma. They recently I think released this model which has the 31 billion parameters but there are others which you can try it out. So uh right now I'm

01:17:07
 preferring the Gemini directly but you can even use the open router. So I already wrote a prompt for this one and whatever we building I already mention inside this prompt. So I will definitely recommend you to go through this prompt so that you will understand what is most important. Let me squash it and then simply copy this prompt as it is. Let's go to this anti-gravity. Uh we'll open an AI agent. We will add a new tab and then simply paste this prompt. Now I'm going to tell you how to

01:17:41
 generate the uh Gemini AM API key okay for a free but before that let's implement this particular functionality. Now it will definitely uh create the implementation plan for us and then we'll review that plan and then we'll start implementing it. So we'll wait for the implementation plan. Now here we have the implementation plan ready. Okay. So uh these are the important thing that we need to review. So first thing the Gemini API key we need to add. So inside the env we need to add this

01:18:14
 Gemini API key. I will tell you how to generate it. Then uh if you scroll down currently it's using a Gemini 2.5 flash model. So make sure inside the AI Google studio we have this model active and it will call the gym Gmail MCP and WhatsApp MCP in order to fetch email and the messages. Okay. Uh other than that whatever we mention inside the prompt it will implement accordingly you can anytime uh change it once it implemented. So now before start proceeding this implementation plan I'm going to verify this model. So in order

01:18:52
 to verify simply go to the aistic studio.google.com inside this uh if I go to the dashboard click on this site and click on Gemini and here you will see all the Gemini model. Now it's saying that it will use a 2.5 flash so which is available. But if you want to go with the paid one make sure it don't have this paid sign. For example, if I go scroll down if you see this is paid one right. But if I select this flashlight which is very cheap if you move to the paid plan but you can use this with a free trial as well. Now

01:19:28
 many um users and subscriber ask whether Gina API is really free. So here is the documentation and if you see the free plan obviously you have limited access to the uh certain models okay but you will get a free input and output tokens but you have some limitation obviously it will um reload your tokens after certain time but you can even go to the spade plan as well any time okay so you will see the all the details on their documentation now I will go to our implementation plan and here we're going

01:20:01
 to say let's use uh use this Gemini model. Okay. And then hit enter and then we'll proceed with this implementation plan. Now I will pause the video and we'll wait for the final implementation so that we can test it out and once it is implemented you can simply check the walk through. So if I go at the top there are some key changes okay and then you can even verify with these steps as well. Now most important thing we need to do we need to add this Gemini API key. So inside the env uh

01:20:38
 we're going to simply add the new Gemini key and then save it. So in order to create the new Gemini API key you can simply go to this Google AI studio click on get API key and then click create API key. give the name and then select the the proper project and simply click create key which will give you the key and paste it inside your env file and once you add the API key let's test this out so so if I go to the integration so here we have and let's go to the dashboard and now if you see uh it's

01:21:12
 loading with the all new data obviously it will connect it will first fetch the data from your application and then it will connect to the AI model first time it might take some uh time to load it. And if you see it generated this beautiful uh welcome dialogue at the top obviously it's light. So maybe we can change on your own. If you copy this welcome back and search it. Okay. So here we here we have this welcome back text. But if I search over here, you can change the color. So maybe we can say

01:21:47
 text black by default. And then when it's dark then you can change this to text white. So let's save this. And due to some reason it's not changing. Oh over here it's still showing text white. And if you see now it's good. So on dark mode uh we need to change this to white. Then you will see the count obviously it's six item flag five on a critical action and five pending replies. Okay. And here you will find a today's brief where you have uh some mail information from my email. Uh

01:22:30
 we have oers it's saying domain expiring soon. So it it's showing it under the brief. I also getting the WhatsApp messages. See then from other things you will find all of these email directly from my uh Gmail. Okay. Now on the right hand side you will see the which are the app which is connected then which are the priority items. Over here you will see the top priority item. This is the medium. This is a high one. Right? So all of them are already generating with the help of AI. Pretty

01:23:06
 cool, right? So that's how we have to do it. But right now I have to make some changes. Basically today's brief I want to show in one card. Then connected app and then on the right I want to show a priority item. I don't want a separate card for each of these today's brief. So we can simply tell to the AI agent. So here you can say on dashboard show today's brief then connected apps and priority items uh in one row and make sure today's brief will be in one card. add in one card

01:24:01
 and here we say don't create separate card for each item here we can also say um uh because what is happening if I jump to the other page and come back to the dashboard it start generating everything again right so that also we need to avoid so here we'll say u make sure to uh save generated information for dashboard inside database. So it will not generate again until next 2 hours and if user want to reload or here because we already have one button. So over here if I go to the let me oh I don't know why of my so here we

01:25:00
 have refresh and regenerate button. So here we say if user want to refresh and regenerate then only generate again. Also make sure to show data for each card as soon as it is available. Don't wait for all at once because we don't want to wait uh for all at once. Right? So we always ready just generate it. Also make sure to uh generate quick and short brief so it will generate fast and same for priority items as well. U make sure it will generate within few seconds. don't take long to generate. So

01:26:08
 obviously um we want a performance to be a good one, right? And that's why we don't want this to be generated for long enough. So let let's send this one and obviously it will just uh start implementing based on the how complicated it is. Now we'll wait for this implementation and then we'll test this again and once it is implemented you can see the preview. I also gave one u screenshot that how I want okay some design idea so that it understand and now if you see we have this small quick brief as well then the

01:26:48
 connected app which one is connected which are not and then the priority items based on the app which is connected okay then at the bottom I also added this quick AI suggestion so you can type it and ask any question related to your app. Now let's implement the briefing page where we want to show a lot of uh different information from the connected app. So I already generated the nodes from this briefing page uh or AI briefing generator we can call. So the idea is about for the briefing page is

01:27:27
 uh this is a central hub for a daily intelligence. It collects all important data from all your connected app and analyze it with an AI and present a clear prioritize summarize so that you can focus on what matter most. In short uh whatever the application you connected it will connect uh using the it will summarize with the help of AI and then it will generate a smart briefing. So here is the complete workflow for this briefing generation flow. So whenever you have application is connected using the MCP tools it will

01:28:01
 fase the data it will generate a unified uh data based on what is important thing it will pass it to the AI and then generate a briefing. Now in this page you also have an option to generate your own timebased briefing whether if you want a daily briefing or with a custom range or some specific time or depends on uh different requirements you can generate a timebased briefing and in order to generate this briefing in the background uh we are going to use a trigger.dev. So this is very popular and free tool to

01:28:36
 use it so that you can execute an API or chrome job in the background. So whenever user create a briefing we are going to save that schedule information to our database. Then we are going to u run a checker chrome every 15 minutes. Okay. in order uh let so it's basically generate uh a or it will run the checker in order to run every 15 second and checker will read a database and find an upcoming run uh due soon only that particular due will run it and it will add it to the queue for the triggerdev in order to execute the

01:29:18
 briefing okay so it will basically save our uh triggerdev resources then AI will generate the brief briefing and it will save it to our database and it will later on displaying on the briefing page. Now we are also going to uh send a notification on the u user device. It's totally up to you how you want to implement. Now some these are some key features like AI powered summary prioritize base highlighting attachment link included connected app data and many other things. So I also write some

01:29:50
 basic UI preview. Okay. So obviously we are going to update this then the different text t which we needed and the manual generation flow as well how it going to work it. Okay. So there are lot of different uh option you'll find with this briefing page and I already have the prompt but before that let me show you what is trigger.dev. So trigger.dev dev is a platform where you can run and a longunning APIs run a chrome job you can add an agentic flow and execute directly inside the trigger.dev and the

01:30:24
 most important thing inside the complicated execution flow with the help of trigger.dev dev you can easily find out if there is any failure anytime okay and it's very easy to implement as well so you can use it inside the AI agent media processing media generation and you can even put keep a human in the loop streaming and many others use case you'll find with the triggerdev I will put the link in the description so go ahead and check this out um to get a free access with the triggerdev also in

01:30:55
 my previous video I already used the triggerdev so that you will get and understand how I use inside the media processing and the media generation as well. So you just need to create a trigger.dev as a folder and inside that you have to write your uh execution flow and that's all and run the trigger.dev command so that it will connect to the trigger.dev cloud as well and you will see the live execution. Okay. So even though if something fails you will you will see how much time is execution will

01:31:26
 take everything each detail will be provided inside this uh platform. So simply create a new account if you don't have already and if you see uh I already have some of the uh task running but from here I will create a new project and we'll give the project name here we'll say AI personal agent then you can select a working what are you working on is totally uh optional okay I think uh uh you can select the technology which you are using I think let's select React I don't know whether we have yeah

01:32:03
 we have this react or you can select NJS whichever you want just for the information and then simply click create once you create it you will get an option to connect this with the CLI you just need to run this command and then uh you have to run this CLI dev command as well so let's copy this command instead of telling to the AI agent and then inside the terminal I'm going to paste it. So inside this trigger.dev you will also have the project reference information and then we have to run this particular

01:32:40
 command and then it will wait for a task. Right now we did not have any task created. Okay. But still I will run this command once this is completed. Here we'll say yes to proceed. Once this is done let me paste this command in order to run the trigger. locally. Okay. So that it you can see the live uh run inside this uh dashboard as well. Now next thing uh once this is running in the background we'll go back uh to our eraser doc. copy this prompt and inside this prompt whatever we just

01:33:13
 discussed I just wrote it in a proper way and definitely you can read this out so that you will understand and then inside the ID we'll run this currently if you see this might failing because we don't have any uh folder called trigger or we don't have any task created but we'll run it later on here I will change this model I will make this medium and then Send this. Now we'll wait for the implementation plan and then we'll uh review the implementation plan and then we'll start

01:33:48
 executing. And here we have this implementation plan. So we have some proper changes. Obviously it will update the database schema. We'll add a new uh tables as well. Then for the trigger.de it will run the 15 minutes chrome job and it will check uh the upcoming uh briefing queue. Okay. in order to add it inside the queue to execute it. Um over here obviously if you see it's using a Gemini 2.5 flash. Obviously we need to tell to an AI that okay don't use this one. We want latest uh Gemini's model. So I will

01:34:26
 just add that too. So we'll use the flashlight because that is free as well. use this model and I think that's pretty all so let's proceed with this implementation plan and now we'll wait and then uh we'll test this out once it is implemented so I will pause the video and we will come back now once it is implemented we can check this out so obviously make sure to run this trigger and just to confirm right over here if you see we have this trigger folder and inside the trigger

01:35:04
 folder you will see a briefing dot ts which is the uh complete AI agentic execution workflow. So let's run this previous command and as soon as you execute it you will see now it's running without any error and inside the trigger. You will see a task called briefing chrome job and generating briefing task as well. So both are now registered on the trigger.de. Perfect. Now we'll go back to our application and inside the briefing you will see an option to generate a new briefing or you also have

01:35:42
 option to create a custom briefing. Let's start with this generating a new. So right now if you see it started generating the briefing for us. Obviously first time it takes little bit time to generate it. So right now if you see there is a today's briefing we have 10 email two task 20 messages one follow-up it's showing and the category wise briefing as well but for me it look like it's just a dummy data. So in order to verify whether it's a dummy data or not either you can copy this text or you

01:36:16
 can even check inside the triggerdev is there any run or right now if you see there's no execution. So let's go to the id because this is a big implementation and we have to tell to the AI agent properly. So here we'll say right now it just generating mock uh data. Make sure to generate real brief briefing uh summary from connected apps. Okay. Now also if I go back to our application if I click on create custom right you'll see an option to select the connected app but right now we only connected to

01:37:04
 Gmail and WhatsApp so we have also need to inform that we don't need to show or we just disable these other connected apps so we can also add in add new briefing uh dialogue inside form only enable apps which is connected other just disable it and show with proper logo and I think that's all we needed now use real connection with AI triggerdev and generate real briefing data and then hit enter because right now it mainly focuses on the generating the mock data along with the how the view will look like and then uh

01:38:07
 we just inform that okay let's generate the new data but it look like it's generating the real data as well because I just observed so over here if you see today's priority action involve renewing expiring uh domain from the hostinger and scheduling project update meeting with that you guruji obviously this is the real thing okay but I feel all other are just demi data so that's what we are waiting for so after updating it right now if you see now it's generating the real briefing now briefing contains a

01:38:36
 small uh summary okay what is the all about and all of this information but you can even change this UI as per your requirements also we have category section uh and on the click of it we want to open uh the detail page right now if you see it's saying that briefing not found. So we'll fix that one. But before that, let's uh try creating custom briefing. So we'll say morning u updates. So you have to mention the proper goal. So here we say uh summarize the important email for today and all

01:39:14
 alerts as well. important email and task or message for today. Okay. So, we just added obviously uh we have only two connected apps. So, I connected this. I selected both of them. Uh you can select the category like messages, task or followup. Then schedule time I think 9:00 a.m. is good. Uh I want a daily but you can select weekly or hourly as well. And priority uh level let's say high. Okay. And then you'll click create briefing. Once the briefing is clear created, you will see the custom schedule. And then we have

01:39:53
 this uh morning briefing. You can add a new briefing as well any time. Now if I go to the uh task section, obviously this is a section which we executed the briefing. But we have the task section and inside the task you will see the briefing chrome job is now running and every 15 seconds it will check the upcoming one. Okay. Okay. And then it automatically generate behind the scene. So you so uh you don't need to execute that manually and anytime you also have option to delete those. Now we are going to update this UI

01:40:29
 because we don't want a vertical section all of them. So maybe you can use a dashboard like design uh to show the briefing connected app and all other things. So over here, let's go to this ID and we're going to say let's update briefing page where where use row with grid to show today's briefing. For today's briefing, show with proper list along with app source and other basic information. Then category uh in new car with grid style category list and then on write most car show

01:41:39
 uh custom schedule custom schedule uh briefing Okay. So, which will give you a better look. So, let's send this one. And now we'll wait for this quick change. And now if you see once it's updated now we have the proper briefing and then highlighted feed with the all the email which is very important for you like expiring domain and it's saying okay domain is renewal is um soon or expiring and also along with that if you see we have a message from the WhatsApp as well. Okay so everything is properly

01:42:27
 mentioned and uh after that you'll see a category analytics. So under the email the messages and everything is mentioned. Currently we don't have any mention section but under the task we have uh two task which is schedule appointment with the tube guruji. We have one followup um obviously uh on the click it's not showing any detail so that we have to fix it. So let's go ahead and fix that. So we'll say uh currently on click on any item it's navigating to new page but it show

01:43:05
 no briefing found. So make sure to show all information even when we click on category nothing display on screen. Okay. So that is important. So we added this one and let's send it. So basically when user click on it we want uh to show the summary of or briefing of that messages. So let's wait for this quick change and then we'll review it again. And once it is implemented let's test this out. So basically if you see we have the briefing and all of this information on the click of it will navigate uh to the

01:43:54
 new page where we have the category and based on category you will see number of counts. So we have 15 important emails, the messages, mention and all of the information. And now if you see I have the email okay and you have option to reply to that email directly from here and AI will help you to draft your email as well. Just click on draft with AI and then AI will write the email based on your previous conversation. So over here if you see uh it generated this beautiful email and on the click of send

01:44:26
 email it will send an email and let me show you the uh proof of that we received the and if you see here we received the email. Okay. So whatever the uh email we entered right from our app we did receive directly and then you can close it and we finish that particular section. And same thing if you see we have lot of different email which you can reply. Same thing with the messages. If I click on messages you just reply to that message and then it will send it to the WhatsApp. Pretty cool right? And

01:45:00
 this particular feature also help us to create the WhatsApp automation. Under the mention it will show you that where your name get mentioned and then so in this case if you see your name get mentioned so you have option to reply to that email. Under the task you'll find a different task that renew the uh domain, schedule the appointment, respond to the email. So everything with the proper um uh how important it is right so that also mentioned and then we also have the follow-up email as well. So over here if

01:45:32
 you see we have the follow-up email uh to check the appointment. So everything is mentioned inside this. So and obviously once you come back you will see the past briefing as well. Anytime if you go back jump onto this briefing and you will check all the details. Now tomorrow once you come back you'll see the morning briefing too. Okay. Now I will definitely give you one quick task. Right now the UI is look good but you can modify this UI and let me know uh the design how you made this. You can

01:46:03
 even send this on the discord channel as well as you can send this to my Instagram uh account. You can DM me with this screenshot of the briefing page or your application link and definitely I will give you the review. So guys, I hope you understand how easily we uh implemented this briefing section. If you have any question, any doubt, feel free to reach out to me. You can comment down in the comment section or you can ask any question on the discord channel. Now it's time to add an AI agent page uh

01:46:35
 for our application. So we already have option called AI agent and in that one we are going to connect an AI with the uh connected app. So what is this AI agent page for? So you can chat with an AI agent and that AI agent uh read the data from a connected app from the existing feature and it help you to find and summarize a important message alert follow-up and briefing. So you can ask all the question. I already have the AI agent flow which I mentioned. Okay. And from this AI agent you can simply ask

01:47:08
 any question uh to the your connected apps and it will return the answer for you. So everything which I explained you from this note. I already added that in inside this prompt. So you can simply copy that and inside the u Google anti-gravity we'll paste it here inside the new conversation. Okay. I will remove this string and simply uh send this. So once it's sent, you just need to wait because it will come up with the implementation plan and once you have the implementation plan, then we'll

01:47:38
 review it and then we'll start implementing. So right now if you see we have the implementation plan ready. So obviously it will create a new AI agent panel component and then inside that we will add uh this AI agent page. Okay. So these are some proposed changes. So that's look good. Uh it will create or it will use the Gmail MCP and WhatsApp MCP because that is already added. Now over here it uses the old AI model. So I'm going to update it. So let's go to this AI studio and then we'll select the

01:48:11
 proper Gemini model. So this is the free model which we are going to use. So inside the comment we'll say use this model. Perfect. And then uh obviously it will connect to with our all the integration integrated app like Gmail, WhatsApp, SL, Telegram. Okay. And then we'll proceed with this implementation plan. Now uh once it implemented right and then we will test this out. Right now I think um we'll wait. I will pause the video and then we'll come back and we'll test this complete project.

01:48:47
 And once it is implemented, you will see the AI agent page where you have option to start a new chart, the suggested prompt and then the start message. Okay. And it beautifully showing the proper icon and the generative UI. Now let's say you want to get the summarize of your email today or get pending WhatsApp message or what are the priority action item. If I click on it, you will see it send to the AI and then AI will start generating the response in a real time and you will see the streaming response

01:49:20
 as well with a proper generative UI and then inside that you will see uh from the Gmail we have a schedule meeting as a priority and details about that also I have one message that also uh it mentioned properly. Pretty cool, right? And you will see at the bottom the reference. Now over here once you get the message you will see the quick uh option to select whether to check hosting domain status or draft reply to the tube guruji. If I click on the draft reply to tube guruji right for the email then it will give you the quick uh draft

01:49:54
 and that is also in the form of generative UI. Pretty cool right? You have option to send as it is or propose different time or check my calendar from Monday. If I say propose different time then it will give you that new updated uh uh email response as well. Pretty cool right? So that's how guys uh this AI agent will work. Not only that but you can start with the new chat and here we can say uh any new update uh from let's say hostinger let's send something. Okay, here we say yeah that's let's send it and then let's

01:50:34
 wait and over here if you see immediately it go to our application and checking the account information and then it will say okay one of the update that your domain is expiring you have to get an update or you you need to renew it right you can even ask some other question uh so let's say check domain renewal status because I have that suggestion so I simply selected it and then you will see all of the uh explanation as well. Here we'll say any important WhatsApp message right and let's send

01:51:12
 this one. So basically it's two-way conversation and then you can simply u connect with it and if you see some of the recent activity uh new messages from the uh my m uh WhatsApp right and that's what we ask and then it will give you now over here if you see uh I can draft a reply and that reply is based on your WhatsApp message right so we have different option as well and then you also have option to send the preparation d send a casual draft ask for context of the project. So there are lot of things

01:51:47
 you can explore with this AI agent guys. Okay, you don't need to uh go and check each thing one by one. You can even send the reply which I already inform you how to do it. Everything can possible with this AI agent. So if you any question, any doubt uh inside this uh feature let me know in the comment section. Until this point we implemented lot of different feature like dashboard, AI agent, briefing integration and now it's time to implement alert and setting. You can have also implement the pricing

01:52:20
 setting and user profile setting as well. But the thing is if I go to the ID currently I already limit the or exceed the token or usage right and it happens quite a few times. Now the question is how to tackle this issue. How to use a Gemini because we don't want to pay anything. But what if I told you there is one way that we can use a cloud code for a free and that's what we are going to see in this chapter. So basically in order to use a cloud code first thing you need to do is go to the cloud code

01:52:54
 CLI. Just search on Google and make sure to download this cloud code inside your uh uh system. Okay, so it's quite easy. If you are using a Mac OS, simply copy this command. If you are using a Windows, then use another command and then open a terminal. Now, inside the terminal, make sure the cloud is installed or not. If it's not installed, then you have to make sure to install it. So, I will just copy this command and paste it here in order to install it. Right now, if you see the installation is complete. And if

01:53:26
 I run a cloud then you will see this cloud will run locally directly inside your machine. Now obviously it giving an option whether you want to select a dark mode. I will go with the dark mode. Uh easy. Then you can even connect with your claude subscription. You can use a entropic console account or you can use a third party platform as well. Right now simply keep this cloud with a subscription as it is. But if you have Microsoft found you, you can even connect to their third party. Okay. So obviously I'm connecting to subscription

01:54:00
 which I already have. But you don't worry. I'm going to show you how to connect it for a free uh currently connected to my current subscription. If you don't have you can just ignore that question. Okay. And then I will say press enter. Then here we will go with the recommended setting. uh I turn this folder I will say and then your cloud is ready right now this cloud is connected to your subscription right if you see it's connected to your cloud subscription which is a paid now the

01:54:32
 question is how to get it for free so let's close this terminal and inside your root directory you have to create a new folder called dot cloud okay and inside this cloud folder you have to create one file called settings dot local dot JSON and inside that you have to add a setting in the form of JSON. So I already have for you. So I'm copying this as it is and let me put this in a code view so it's easy to copy and paste it inside your settings.local.json. Okay, something like this. And then save

01:55:16
 it. Now here is the all the magic here. You have to add a base URL as open router and then you have to add an open router API key. Now you can generate a free open router API key and you have to use a free open AI model. So let me show you how. So first you have to go to the open router uh.ai. I will put the link in the description. Then simply sign into the platform. Here we'll say get API key. And once you sign in simply click uh new key enter the key name you can add a credit limit in order to not

01:55:52
 exceed and then simply click create. Then it will generate a unique API key for you. That API key you have to enter inside this open router API key. Then for a model in order to use a free model go to the models and you can select any free model. If you see we have a lot of lucod model even if you want a Gemini free model you can get it. You also have open AI AI model as well. So let's click on it and I will copy this model name. So this is the model name which you have to copy and then I will paste it here.

01:56:30
 Now same way you can select some different model. Let's say uh Gemini's recently launched Gemini model. So I will use that one as well. And then I will paste it here. And you can use any other like Olama or Metas or there are lot of others. Let's select this uh poolside one and then you can add it here and save it. Now you can check any AI models performance. Once click on it, you will see the output and all of the information. How what this it benchmark how good it is in reasoning or even in

01:57:13
 coding and you can select the appropriate one. Once this is done then let's save it. And what you can do you can open a terminal. So I will add a new let me bring this down. You can close this file now and then you can run a cloud inside your project. Okay. So here we'll say yes I touch this folder. Correct. Currently if you see the oppus 4 point no it's just available. But if I click on model you will see an option we have the Google's gamma a poolside and openai. Whichever we added over here

01:57:50
 right it's showing under this option. It means it's a free right now. You can select whichever you like and hit enter. After that let's test this out. And if I send this hi message if it did not uh return any response then the another way to fix this because sometimes cloud does not work properly in the VS code. So I will come back from it and then you can simply open a terminal uh inside this project. So so over here I will say quick uh services and open a terminal add folder. If you're using a command

01:58:27
 prompt, make sure to open a command prompt and then type a cloud. Right? And now if I want to see the model, you will see the model and the current selected one as well. Then hit enter and take this other. The quick thing um also I forgot to add this token over here. So let me add that. Now after adding that API key, let if I select the model. So let's select this charge GPD model because it's easy uh and it's quick to connect and if I say hi um you will see the result and if you see the

01:59:03
 token usage because cloud use a lot of token and and obviously whatever the response it send it also calculate that and right now if you see we got the response right now you can ask any question you can update it and you can tell to an AI through this cloud because this is completely free and Even though if I go to the activity and inside the activity if I go to the let's go to this API and this is the one which I'm using and right now if you see the cost is zero and you will see the complete log for this one under the log

01:59:41
 you will see I'm using through the cloud right and I use this model and how many token use and how much C so it's completely free and that's how you can connect your claude uh with the help of uh open router. Okay. So if you any question any doubt let me know in the comment section because right now we are out of uh Google's anti-gravity uh tokens right though that's the reason we are using a free clot. Now it's time to implement the alert page with a smart alert feature. So what

02:00:18
 this alert page will do the alert page help us to track an important update from your connected apps and it notify you instantly when something important happen so that you will not ever miss any uh important things. Right now obviously the flow is similar to the what we have existing one but on this alert page we will show the active alert trigger one the high priority one as well as you will see the recent alerts AI suggested alert and option to create your new alert. So inside this option you once you create it right

02:00:51
 automatically with the help of trigger.dev it will start uh generating that alerts in the background so that you will get a proper uh output on the screen. Also we are going to show a time based or timeline based uh alert on this alert page. So inside this note I already mentioned everything uh in the detail. So you will see a different uh alert action as well. And same thing I also explained that inside the prompt so that we can easily implement it. So copy this prompt as it is and we are going to

02:01:23
 back to the anti-gravity here. I will start with a new conversation and then simply paste this code. Okay. And then hit enter. Once you hit enter, you will see all of the prompt. And now we have to wait. Right now if you see it already start working on it and you will see in the real time how much token it use but we don't need to care about the tokens because we are using completely a free model and even though the model is GPT right behind the scene the claw uh structure is written and it

02:01:56
 automatically understand your complete application as well as we already have our application implemented. So it will also try to uh replicate the same UIUX design and similar kind of logic as well. Okay. So we'll wait and now we'll see the final result how it comes comes up. Okay. I think we forgot to uh switch this to a plan mode because we also have the plan mode inside the cloud code. But next time I will show you how the plan mode will work. And once it is implemented you will see the result. So

02:02:29
 inside the alert section you will see a two active alert three trigger today one is high priority and one result alert. Over here you will see the recent alert uh information. Now if I click on any of this alert you will see it opens a dialogue and then you have option to mark it as a resolve or task or followup or you can even reply to that particular message. Same thing for a WhatsApp as well. Pretty cool, right? On the right side, you will see an AI suggested alert. So over here u if I click on use, right, it will give you

02:03:04
 the open suggested alert. And here you will see an option to create a new alert for that one. Now this AI suggested alert will help us to follow up next time or to generate the alert next time. Now under the create new alert you also have alert name add a priority level you can add a description select the application then the condition you can add even the condition and based on the condition it will generate the alert for you and then the you want the inapp notification or email or push notification the frequency of that one

02:03:37
 and then you can simply create alert with this one so let's create the alert and once the alert is created I don't think so is created the alert. So maybe we need to fix this one. Okay, that it's not creating any alert. But you can simply go to the anti-gravity and then I'll create a new one. And here we'll say inside alert section on create new alert dialogue. alert is not creating. Make sure to use trigger dev to run this run and schedule the alert. Okay. And then hit enter. So we'll wait.

02:04:30
 But other than that, make sure your alert page will look like this. Okay. You can even refresh this any time. And right now, if you see, it's updated. And now it's generating a actual one over here. You can even create a new alert. But uh with the actual data it asking us to run an AI scan. And then uh some for some reason it's getting failed. If you go to this console then you will see that the trigger is failing and it asking that uh the trigger secret key is missing. Now this trigger secret key you

02:05:06
 have to get it inside from the trigger. So if I go to the trigger under the API key, uh you'll find the secret key. Simply copy that inside your env file. So I will copy the secret key and we'll paste it inside the env. Okay. So once this is done, let's test this out again. And then you will see uh once you run it will start uh running in the background and then it will generate the proper output for you. Now over here you can even inform to the AI agent that you want in a real time or streaming format

02:05:38
 as well so that you'll get a proper response but generating an alert with a proper information might take some time and that's the reason this trigger.dev will help us to run this execution in the background and after fixing it you will see the actual result. So inside this timeline if I open it you will see an option to compose it. You can even generate the draft and then it will generate a proper message and the reply u guidance. You can even add the guidance. So how the uh you want and

02:06:09
 everything. And here we have the result. Okay. Other than that you will see uh the all the different option on the right right hand side you will see a suggested alert and now you can even create a new alert u based on how you want. Okay. And this alert is quite helpful because um based on this alert you can uh check what are what is the important thing. If you resolve this you can mark this as a result as well. Then you don't need to worry about uh that particular alert anymore. So I already implemented the setting

02:06:47
 page. I will put the prompt in the eraser doc. Now inside this setting if you see we uh user have option to manage their account profile. Uh under that we also have the light theme and dark mode switcher. Then an AI agent be behavior. So how you want it right? So you can define that behavior directly. Uh the tone whether you want friendly or professional everything you can add it uh inside the setting. Now you also have the briefing section. uh and then from the drop-down you can select that briefing option as well. Then we have

02:07:20
 alert notification, privacy and data option and on the right side you will see all the connected app. You also have option to manage door and some security information. Now everything is included inside this setting page so that you can simply manage your uh personal information as well. Now uh I will put this uh prompt in the description but you can try on your own. This is a good good practice so that you can implement um this setting page as well. Now it's time to deploy our application to the cloud so that you can share this

02:07:59
 project with your friends and family and start your own startup um by building this uh SAS app and deploying it on a cloud. So first step to deploy your application is push your complete code to the GitHub. Okay. So we'll go to the GitHub first and we create a new repo and we'll call it as a AI personal agent. After this you can keep this visibility public or private. It's totally up to you. And then once you create the repo I will copy this remote origin. Then go back to your Google

02:08:37
 anti-gravity and inside this let me add a new tab and we'll set the we'll initialize this G first then we'll set the remote origin. Then from the source control you can add all of these changes. Okay. Now you can give a message let's say initial commit and then simply say commit. Once you commit it uh make sure to publish this branch. So it will publish it and uh it will also push your code. If I go back to the GitHub repo you will see all the code which we just now published. Perfect. Right now next step you have to

02:09:20
 go to the versel. So we'll go to the versel.com and inside this we have to add a new project. Now remember we are also using a trigger.dev. Okay. Now this platform obviously help us to run our all the background job and if you see the alert chrome briefing chrome and some chrome chrome job as well and you can integrate that directly with the versel as well. So we have to make sure once your application is deployed um the trigger.dev is working or not. Now from this import github repo make sure to

02:09:53
 connect your github account and then uh import your project. So we'll say import. After that uh it will automatically detect the framework. So you don't need to worry about that. But only thing that you need to update is in environment variable. So from your env file simply copy that and then paste it here. So it automatically assign the key and their respective value. And after that you can simply deploy it. Once the deployment is started, it will take some time to build your application, install

02:10:25
 all the dependency which is required to run your application and then it will assign the custom domain as well. So we'll wait and if you see our application is now deployed successfully. Then if you click on it you will see we have that domain and your application is now running. You can simply sign in to the platform. You can select email or Gmail or phone OTP as well. It's totally up to you. Then simply continue with the Google. I will select the account and we'll navigate to the dashboard and you will see all your

02:10:57
 data is available. Here we have AI agent briefing section integration. Obviously you can switch this to a light mode and dark theme. It's totally up to you. And we have alert section along with the setting page. Everything is in place. It means our application deployed successfully. Okay. And whenever you run anything right it will automatically um trigger the trigger.dev in in order to run your all the backend uh AI workflow. So if you any question any doubt related to deployment let me know in the comment

02:11:31
 section and don't forget to subscribe to our channel press notification bell icon so that you will not miss any update and hit like button. Share this video with your friends and let them know how uh you build this application. Also uh you can follow me on the Instagram channel to the new tips and tricks about the new AI technologies and lot of other things. So see you in the next video.

